only she is so approaching so on all
good afternoon with you male pasha
electric car expert and today we
let's start a new heading which is called
dispelling electric car myths
since i'm the founder of the company winding
I very often and get a lot
questions on different topics electric cars and
one of the biggest myths that i
I heard people, but how can I not have enough
charging
but how am I going to cut in the middle of the city ah
yes two hundred kilometers it is not enough for one
charging or give 100 kilometers is not enough
on one charge people and whether it's true
just a myth that there is a virus
who lives in our heads
I will explain why I bring only
statistics we take with you the city example
it will be Moscow, Kiev, Minsk, there is still that
then to give the city such a feature
the city is true that man who
lives here here is this place of residence
human gene lives where it is located
apartment or house a person always chooses
work place closer home and for example he
lives here works here and true in
that 90 percent of people 90 percent
people this world official statistics
by the way data on the internet
90 percent of people a day drive by
50 kilometers and guess what they have
here's the route
they constantly travel from home to work
the house will work and so sometimes this
the route changes they charge
supermarket which
same house and he is so three kilometers away from me
them more mileage and they went ticks
from work there went to the mother-in-law and
come back anyway that's it
does not exceed 100 kilometers in normal
the city's understand those over there
30-40 kilometers back to him
day by and large to a man whose
electric car with charging 50
kilometers it's enough even if he
came to the mother in law he has a long
gliterny took a throwing balcony Tomsk on
extension cord charged this is not a problem
when a person begins to read and understand
that he save 20,000 dollars for
next 10 years
moved to an electric car he understands yes
here is this little discomfort which
associated with the program for charging it as it were
covers 20,000 dollars cover
a little discomfort 20,000 this by the way
the minimum amount of which your year at
signal car or other option
man has a sensor
further down here to the city man
arrives and to let him go 50
kilometers he's here of these 50 kilometers to him
anyway enough electric car
watched the most which we will redo a hundred
one hundred fifty kilometers on one
charging
refitting costs about
ten stove so an electric car with
more than covers daily
need for movement a person sleeps in
yourself at home the car is charging everything
you understand us in the news all boldly
our infrastructure is not enough
knowingly take prague away
charging 90 percent of people passing by here
this route is constantly the people who
enter ten percent of the other they have enough
cars
filmed nine percent 90 these are the ones that
drive through here and so nine
percent is those who drive here
such route
there are two times more from one end
cities to another they don't just travel alone
percentage is the taxi drivers delivery service and
so on those that day knife there
two to three hundred kilometers or those to whom
it is necessary every day there is another city
as therefore remember
electric car today
actual transport for the city which
helps to save from 20 thousand dollars
over 10 years battery life with you
was a male pasha write comments under
this video what do you think about it and in
next video i will tell you about others
myths that are about electric cars
is happy